- 
ENGLISH
[1] The actors who perform in television commericals are some of the most fortunate people in show business. But their faces aren't as well known as are most movie actors'. Television commericals are big business. The average two-minute national commerical has a shooting budget greater than budgets for some movies. A performer could live for a year on the wages earned from a single commerical. [2] As a result, the competition for roles in commericals have been fierce. A casting company will typically audition hundreds of people for one or two roles. Each role requires a certain physical type. So, while auditioning, performers tend to possess the same general physical characteristics. [3] Although casting decisions are usually based on a performer's appearance, auditions are tension-filled and abrupt. Large groups of business types or athletic types or becah types assemble in a studio's lobby. After a seemingly endless wait, each performer takes a turn in front of the camera. Meanwhile, the performer smiles, states his or her name, and then leaves the room. The entire screen test lasts about forty-five seconds! [4] Performers in Hollywood and New York compare commercial auditions to a day at the beach. The average performer is casting in only a tiny proportion of the commercials auditioning for. Although performers are picked for one commercial a year, they're considered lucky. [5] The frustrations of being a commercial actor are enormous. For the patient, persistent, and lucky performer, though, the financial rewards more than compensate for the many disappointments. Performers are paid, roughly: $600 per day of shooting. However, the real money again comes in the form of "residuals": performers are paid each time their commercial airs on television. More than $50,000 could be earned by a commercial if a performer runs for a year. Not bad for two days' work!
Which of the following statements, if added here, would best reinforce for the reader the main point made in Paragraph 5?
F Thus, for some actors in commercials, luck and perseverance can lead to impressive compensation.
F But, it really isn't fair that only a few very lucky actors get to appear in commercials.
F Therefore, the financial rewards for appearing in commercials are meager in comparison to the efforts of those who perform in the commercials.
F Hence, commercial actors typically earn huge sums of money for working only two days.